3.7 (#3131)
polkadot-js/api: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 3.7.1 Feb 1, 2021

Upgrade priority: Low. However recommended for current Substrate master, Polkadot and Rococo users and those wishing to support the upcoming Polkadot 28 runtime with the new `MultiAddress`.

> - **Breaking change** As indicated in the 3.5.1 release notes, th Address/LookupSource default have now been adjusted for `MultiAddress` by default. If your chain does not use these, add the `Address`/`LookupSource` types explicitly. This extensible format is mean to cater for all address types into the future, removing a lot of discrepancies between chains.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Breaking change** As indicated in the 3.5.1 release notes, the `Address`/`LookupSource` defaults have now been adjusted for `MultiAddress`. If your chain does not use these types, explicitly add the correct `Address`/`LookupSource` types. This new extensible format is mean to cater for all address types into the future, removing a lot of discrepancies between chains.
```
